README.md, before:

### Conduit plugin for Kafka connectors
The Kafka connector Conduit plugin's goal is to make it possible to use existing Kafka connectors with Conduit.  

#### Pre-requisites
* JDK 11
* The plugin needs to have write permissions to the directory /var/log/kafka-connector-plugin/
* Currently, only Unix-like OSes are supported.

#### How to build
Run `scripts/package.sh` to build an executable. For development purposes, a utility script, `scripts/copy.sh`, is provided 
to also quickly copy the executable to Conduit's plugin directory (it assumes that the repository is at `../conduit`).

### Loading connectors
The plugin will load connectors and all the other dependencies from a `libs` directory, which is expected to be in the 
same directory as the plugin executable itself. For example, if the plugin executable is at `/abc/def/kafka-connector-plugin`,
then the dependencies are expected to be in `/abc/def/libs`.

The plugin will be able to find the dependencies as soon as they are put into `libs`. 

By default, Aiven's JDBC connector is shipped in the `libs` directory. A JDBC connector (generally) will require a 
database-specific driver to work (for example, PostgreSQL's driver can be found [here](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.postgresql/postgresql)).

#### General notes

1. Logs are written to `/var/log/kafka-connector-plugin/`, and not stdout. This is because the plugin is required to perform
a handshake with Conduit via standard output, and that is expected to be the first line in the standard output.
2. Currently, only sink connectors are supported. Work is under way to support source connectors too.
3. Currently, it's possible to use this plugin only on Unix-like systems.

#### Configuration
This plugin's configuration consists of the configuration of the requested Kafka connector, plus:

| Name | Description | Required | Example | 
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `task.class` | The class of the requested connector | yes | `io.aiven.connect.jdbc.sink.JdbcSinkTask` |
| `schema` | The schema of the records which will be written to a destinaton connector. | yes, if it's a destination connector | `{"type":"struct","fields":[{"type":"int32","optional":true,"field":"id"},{"type":"string","optional":true,"field":"name"},{"type":"boolean","optional":true,"field":"trial"}],"name":"customers"}` |
| `pipelineId` | The ID of the pipeline to which this connector will be added. | no | |
| `connectorName` | The name of the connector which is to be created. Used in logs.| no | `prod-mysql-destination` |

Here's a full example, for a new Conduit destination connector, backed up by a JDBC Kafka sink connector.
```
{
	"task.class": "io.aiven.connect.jdbc.sink.JdbcSinkTask",
	"schema": "{\"type\":\"struct\",\"fields\":[{\"type\":\"int32\",\"optional\":true,\"field\":\"id\"},{\"type\":\"string\",\"optional\":true,\"field\":\"name\"},{\"type\":\"boolean\",\"optional\":true,\"field\":\"trial\"}],\"name\":\"customers\"}",
	"connectorName": "local-pg-destination",
	"pipelineId": "123-456-789",
	"connection.url": "jdbc:postgresql://localhost/my-test-db",
	"connection.user": "user",
	"connection.password": "password123456",
	"auto.create":    "true",
	"auto.evolve":    "true",
	"batch.size": "10"
}
```

Commit message:

add createdat to source records, docs

README.md, after:

### Conduit plugin for Kafka connectors
The Kafka connector Conduit plugin's goal is to make it possible to use existing Kafka connectors with Conduit.  

#### Pre-requisites
* JDK 11
* The plugin needs to have write permissions to the directory /var/log/kafka-connector-plugin/
* Currently, only Unix-like OSes are supported.

### Development
The complete server-side code for this plugin is **not** committed to the repo. Rather, it's generated from a proto file,
when the project is compiled.

IDEs may not automatically add the generated sources to the class. If that's the case, you need to:
1. Run `mvn clean compile` (so that the needed code is generated)
2. Change the project settings in your IDE to include the generated source. In IntelliJ, for example, you do that by going
to File > Project structure > Project Settings > Modules. Then, right-click on `target/generated-source` and select "Sources".

#### How to build
Run `scripts/package.sh` to build an executable. For development purposes, a utility script, `scripts/copy.sh`, is provided 
to also quickly copy the executable to Conduit's plugin directory (it assumes that the repository is at `../conduit`).

### Loading connectors
The plugin will load connectors and all the other dependencies from a `libs` directory, which is expected to be in the 
same directory as the plugin executable itself. For example, if the plugin executable is at `/abc/def/kafka-connector-plugin`,
then the dependencies are expected to be in `/abc/def/libs`.

The plugin will be able to find the dependencies as soon as they are put into `libs`. 

By default, Aiven's JDBC connector is shipped in the `libs` directory. A JDBC connector (generally) will require a 
database-specific driver to work (for example, PostgreSQL's driver can be found [here](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.postgresql/postgresql)).

#### General notes

1. Logs are written to `/var/log/kafka-connector-plugin/`, and not stdout. This is because the plugin is required to perform
a handshake with Conduit via standard output, and that is expected to be the first line in the standard output.
2. Currently, only sink connectors are supported. Work is under way to support source connectors too.
3. Currently, it's possible to use this plugin only on Unix-like systems.

#### Configuration
This plugin's configuration consists of the configuration of the requested Kafka connector, plus:

| Name | Description | Required | Example | 
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `task.class` | The class of the requested connector | yes | `io.aiven.connect.jdbc.sink.JdbcSinkTask` |
| `schema` | The schema of the records which will be written to a destinaton connector. | yes, if it's a destination connector | `{"type":"struct","fields":[{"type":"int32","optional":true,"field":"id"},{"type":"string","optional":true,"field":"name"},{"type":"boolean","optional":true,"field":"trial"}],"name":"customers"}` |
| `pipelineId` | The ID of the pipeline to which this connector will be added. | no | |
| `connectorName` | The name of the connector which is to be created. Used in logs.| no | `prod-mysql-destination` |

Here's a full example, for a new Conduit destination connector, backed up by a JDBC Kafka sink connector.
```
{
	"task.class": "io.aiven.connect.jdbc.sink.JdbcSinkTask",
	"schema": "{\"type\":\"struct\",\"fields\":[{\"type\":\"int32\",\"optional\":true,\"field\":\"id\"},{\"type\":\"string\",\"optional\":true,\"field\":\"name\"},{\"type\":\"boolean\",\"optional\":true,\"field\":\"trial\"}],\"name\":\"customers\"}",
	"connectorName": "local-pg-destination",
	"pipelineId": "123-456-789",
	"connection.url": "jdbc:postgresql://localhost/my-test-db",
	"connection.user": "user",
	"connection.password": "password123456",
	"auto.create":    "true",
	"auto.evolve":    "true",
	"batch.size": "10"
}
```
